:  - Main video , loads to frame 0, dimmed, black, 
   - Pause 1 second
   - Narrator box moves from top to screen-center as it enlarges 3X 

Narrator:  

1) Among cops, you find some of the very best kind of people, and some of the very worst.  I am going to show you one of each:  


: - Advance to First Frame of cop video 
  - narrator box goes to top left corner, inset right and down, of video pane.

Narrator: 
2) This is raw video.  As near as I can tell, it  was shot in Klamath Falls, Oregon sometime in August 2012.  That would be only a short while from the Aurora Colorado movie theater massacre.  What you will see are two kids who decided to brandish their right to openly carry their assault-rifle-looking firearms through town.  The obviously were expecting some kind of confrontation.  Watch how the arriving officer handles it.

: - narrator goes to rest position
  - main video brightens and  plays

: - video ends and dims
  - narrator enlarges and moves to center left of main screen.

3) I am going to contrast the officer in this video with two officers you will see in the next vide.  So I want you to take note of how the officer in this video:

1- understands and respects both the law he is enforcing and the laws governing police procedures.
  (chiron to right:  understands the law)
2- how he calmly assesses the situation and does not overreact, thereby keepingthe peace.
  (chiron to right: no overreaction, keeps the peace)
3- how he shows the self control of a professional.  No unnecessary aggression or hostility.
  (chiron to right: self control, no unnecessary aggression)
4- he shows integrity and a sense of duty.  No lying or manipulating.
  (chiron to right: self control, no lying)

Now lets see how they roll in post falls Idaho.


:narrator pauses and moves to above top right corner of main, resizes to original,  policeaction vid loads, dimmed, narrator begins.

:sequence of time-specified points unfold

:canvas renewed

:sequence of arrows 

:narrator concludes, moves to rest position. Main video plays
